Use `httpAuth.*` flags as a fallback for endpoints protected by `*AuthKey` flags (#3582)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

  - `vm_vmselect_concurrent_requests_current` - the current number of concurrently executed requests
  - `vm_vmselect_concurrent_requests_limit_reached_total` - the total number of requests, which were put in the wait queue when `-search.maxConcurrentRequests` concurrent requests are being executed
  - `vm_vmselect_concurrent_requests_limit_timeout_total` - the total number of canceled requests because they were sitting in the wait queue for more than `-search.maxQueueDuration`

> * FEATURE: use `-httpAuth.*` flags as a rollback for `-*AuthKey` flags when `-httpAuth.*` flags are set. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3060).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: protect all the http endpoints with `-httpAuth.*` command-line flag. Previously endpoints protected by `-*AuthKey` command-line flags weren't protected by `-httpAuth.*`. This could complicate the proper security setup. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/3060).
```
